I don't think they're ready did it. Yeah Were there any other corrections that need to be made in here to do. So OK. So now I wanted to set everything up. All right. So what were we thinking about talking about today. For work on the dumb thing here. oh I got a picture of something. You know no idea what from on here. Since I saw you we went up to Kansas to graduation. All right. One of my granddaughters awesome girl from high school college Charlie college and for his State University had about 7,000 graduates three of them were Chinese already and they weren't there. Well, I guess I get a little more interesting. Oh, yeah. It's ours though. That's a lot. They had chairs. So warm and a little empty goofy stuff. The chair. Anyway, I guess this is a real war. Whenever we start have pictures you're looking at live or just the modern VR pictures all your time in the military. Right I guess we could skip to that. Oh, yeah. I see where we're end of the dark place and they did Campbell's down when you get into the military what you're doing 19, 20. How old are you. 19 19 is a star army the Marines know that air for Air Force does you want to fly or did you just. No no not like that at all. We'll get to in the mirror. Yeah Well, let's doing. We are OK. Ron Paul use a little more laughs or I see my wife. My father was a work for Ralston brain, which is the capital. All that. And there's a for Purina. Yeah, interesting. And eventually their headquarters is in st. Lewis. And so we moved to st. Lewis. And during World War Ii at the end. And so. And I went to high school. You know when you're a high school student you have to decide what floor. You want to go to college and all. So I all about them. I decided and I don't know where I got this idea. I decided that what I would do would be to get a sort of a van truck and get all the welding and machine equipment, tools and then go round to farms and flip stuff for Jean you. And you know weld and Yeah you know tractors and all of that for sure. Well, one that was OK. My dad thought that was all right. He kind of when we were really college, so he said, well, let's go and visit some colleges and see what. So we are in agriculture. So I really didn't have an agricultural background really. And so we went to Kansas State, which is an agricultural college. And then we went to Oklahoma State. And we have to reserve of course, the University of Missouri. We went to Oklahoma State and that was going to need. I like that lot. They said, well, wait. I that you ought to get more agricultural experience going to a major habitat. So there's said, I think you could find a job and get all kinds of experience at panhandle and an Oklahoma school out. And now in the panhandle. Dahmer local narrowed down in Oklahoma time in Oklahoma. So anyway, that's what happened. I graduated and then as soon as I graduated, I went out there to show why I spent the summer there working on this farm get everything everything you think of chickens the cows plowing, planting everything was killing me. And there's a lot of story behind that. They really had a good program. They everything they harvested. Pretty much go into the freezer and take a shave and then that would flood the students. And it was cheap. Oh, really neat. Now Yeah. So anyway, then in June, the latter part of June the date. Now with the Korean War started and the North Koreans invaded a child Korea. And there was a few Americans. There are not many. We went it off to five that good reason that the United States had occupied it. I guess you could call that was it. It was held by Japanese and Japanese held Korea. They ran Korea from 1934. So they'd been there all those years. And then when we defeated Japan. We occupied Japan and we occupied Korea. So they were pretty well involved. Well, then the North Koreans involved and tiles Korean. And they moved right down and practically girl. They unite us and the south Koreans go rogue. Much well anyway. Long story short, then we finally got to organize the United States went in and drove them back. Yes And when they went back in to actually invaded and went into North Korea. And then in the end, it was going really well. And what arthurs was he. He didn't he didn't like Chinese. They didn't like communists. And so he's out well. And the communists have taken over in China. I guess it's all going to live like that. Oh, yeah. What an idiot. Anyway, so we went. And we went back. We went clear up as a child farm reservoir, which is right on the border of China. And then the Chinese came. And so the whole thing went back down the Chinese. I went down and entered South Korea. Wow So. And at that point why then we finally kind of got behind move and drove back out again. Well, anyway drag on the story for a while. Then it was February of you know. And so in the meantime, what happened with Joan and safety and well, I was on this farm and my buddy and I were gung ho so we decided we would join the Marines. OK So we went down to Oklahoma City or guns drawn. Well, he was my roadie was from Oklahoma City and Dan was some kind of a physician or a surgeon or something like that up and then some sort of convinced of that, maybe we wait a little while. Yeah, I'm not out in the rain right off right. When I went back to st. Luke's then at the end of the summer I joined the Missouri army scene in Missouri Army Air National Guard. It was Dunbar of the Army. And we wore Dan Brown cloves. No, no, no they're not blue like the airport show anyway. And then what happened after that was that we were in this guard unit. And Lo and behold, they activated us and sent could do all they wanted. The first thing we did. We went to Wisconsin and, and then then then finally, we went missing. And then finally, we went to they sent us to Vermont. Mm-hmm interesting. Yeah And what we were slow to do there was two. We were building radar towers on the Canadian border against river valley to protect ourselves from the Canadian nature. These are pretty threatening right. Yeah And so I was there for a while. And my job was working with. Oh whatever. Really, I was working at the post office. Mostly it was the motor fuel cause I'd have a lot of automotive experience. So anyway, then I met a girl at the University, and for the nice girl that realized what would be and how you know when you're 19. Yeah And so I volunteered to go to Korea when I sent them a sample of her right there. And oh, I guess love the 100 baht OK. Is that in 1951 or 1951. Were you scared. Were you scared. Oh, no, no. I Yeah to do it. Yeah Yeah. No no. no, no good. When they were they sent Richard K 14, which is Kim flow, which is Northwest of Seoul right on the DMV Kemper and actually the air base was built by the Japanese. And we had just occupied the and we you know we could it over. And they had moved down and said, we. Then the Chinese love for the war. And then I got to hear the end of March. So a lot of the work has been done to clean it up better. Yeah Yeah. And so I feel like 11 months there. And mostly my job was to run the equipment. Well well well 20 months. I looked after the we had three generators that ran. They were what they called Murphy's. They ran electricity for the area. I was tasked to Australia or you know. OK And they. And so these three generators. That's what I'd give it three months. All by myself. Yeah Well, there is a problem. What happened was that at the end of World War Ii you had a lot of green eyes green and yellow. That was got into the National Guard and reserves all that right at that time. Everybody who was anybody had some kind of rank or worse. Yeah Yeah. Staff Sergeant masters. And, And these guys are not you know they're not going to do guard duty right away. So when I first got there first night I got there probably in the afternoon, some thyme and no for another story. Oh my goodness. Just go on forever. Well, now I'd rather go three through the park tonight and they don't mean that maybe they shouldn't have waited years for the US where we were living. Come on. I tapped their picture. Yeah hard to look like that. That's better than it was. That's caught. Toward the end. You know I wouldn't go over it lad but it's hard. They were just tunnel light towns that they didn't have a floor however. Yeah So anyway, we got there and, and I got there. I sent a down to the camp. I kind of got organized. And then they said, oh one of the where you're going to be ungodly. Yeah Oh, OK. Ha so anyway, I got what. They sent us out and they took the color of a Jeep like you know like, OK, go turn on the lights go go snipers. Yeah, one way. I took a stand and said, OK, this, you're going to regard from here. This white guardian I can't see anything. This word your Andrew your guard duty. And then we'll take you down to the other end of the other end. Well, I don't know where either end is. Yeah, I don't know. I don't you have a flashlight. No light cigarette. I can't see anything. Yeah, I mean, where we are. Lodestar there was this light. Oh right there. And Oh, that was a long night. Yeah you know you're all by yourself. You don't know what you're doing. Yeah Yeah. Can't do any good. So anyway. And then all of a sudden noise got boom. Oh, yeah. All you can do is sit out in front of the center. Yeah Well, you know, we don't march you know you don't march. You know I just kept on going. No one in this field during that first hour journey. Yeah Yeah. Yeah And then Palmer got like you know forever. Yeah And I was guarding a political appeal. Well, you for it. OK There were barrels. And then what happened the other night to explain. OK Yeah. Good call. Good cooler than mark. Oh, he's not cool. Well, you know. Yeah, he scared you. Yeah well anyway, I tried that one of those. But we were private Airman first class, which private and no idea what was right. And what we had to do that for about three or four weeks, I imagine almost every night. And then they put me in charge of the generators and I never did anything else again. No more guard. No And then oh, I worked like crazy change alone. Well, it seems like work and all that take care of that electrical power. Yeah And then they shut me for guys they helped me after so many months during such a good job. Well, then you know they started getting people coming in that had lower ranks. Yeah And so after that time retired. Yeah So let them do it. Yeah And then we were in a combat zone. We are and what my call points and not more points you get to show you're going to go home. OK As you earn points you know like what's something that you could do to earn points. Well, just ran there. Oh, OK. If you're in a combat zone or points. And if you're somewhere around. Yeah somewhere behind them. Yeah Yeah. So I just say 11 months. Some girls who were 18. Oh, yeah. Everybody who went over there saying, man why did. He was down or boots on or something was he was there like a year and a half. Oh, yeah. He was there for a while. Oh, yeah. You know he had to write. He was like, you had to write three strikes. Well, anyway, that was the part of the words. And I enjoyed every minute of it. Really Yeah. Yeah Oh, and then we had interesting. I was telling somebody the other day just last week, I was talking to my daughter about what we would or would know voice towards clothed really. And, oh you could send out about the group to got to the locals. And sometimes you get them back from guy you would never get. You know that. So we had what control. They feel oh, we're trying to get free. Free both. OK we'll have a container made out of fiberglass foam girls hard and have straps around it. And so I would take my clothes. And then I'd put it in there. And I said to my mother. OK Take about two weeks. That's awesome. My mom would get mad if I said my hair's is all on that. Yeah, that's funny. So that was something they let me, you know that I was attached to Australia. And I'll say it was pictures of him more little prayer. That's what they were flying. They were real and me of coal every year. Yeah, look, they were in there. What they were doing. They put mom on that same table bombs and they were fire. They were usually doing bridges and stuff like that. And they were loaded up. They wouldn't even bother to put on how or anything like that. And they would fly and then we'd go gone five minutes and then we read about the wrong. Right they just sat there in the cockpit and they put the bomb or we were all there. And then he was halfway guarding it. Yes interesting. Yeah, that was what the Australians would find out. You were attached to the air your trash chute. That's awesome. Yeah, great airplane. Really neat brief. Where did you learn that about. Oh, well six or eight no. OK That's awesome. Do you ever get to work on any of those planes or were you just. Yeah not those we have. What would happen is we have cake with the ones and failed to got Fletcher, the law at some point. Not here, not in love. No anyway, the first one was with a fighter jet. They were the ones that were fighting with the major. And the ones were left over from World War Ii. Well, they were great because they were they care a lot. Colonel Potter with our room for a fighter. And they we would go for Reggie Bush. And so it. They were all and they would crash a lot. And then what happened happen is that they would come in with one of those that needed something and would fix her up. So we work until they have no idea what we're doing now. But that's scary. And then after we got it fixed up again. They would turn it off to Taiwan. OK I don't know whatever did with them. Yeah, I think so. I know they got there. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty good at the manuals. May I teach you how to show you how to do stuff. And, we were put a new engine been there, This I will do that. That's awesome. Oh, yeah. And no earthly idea or. Yeah, we had one to one Staff Sergeant by the name of Evans. Who who knew a little bit. So he would be responsible. OK Yeah. So somebody knows something. Yeah, I knew I was out. Yeah, that's funny to you. So you spent 11 months in Korea was that the only time you were sent abroad in your military service. Oh, she was a nice guy. We just activated. So yeah, I had four years in the guard. And I was active duty for I guess two to those four years. You're active duty in the Air Force. Yeah Yeah. We are going over there a lot. I don't know if her mom was in the wintertime when we got there in November. That was probably the worst winter that ever had rather to this day. OK And I've got snow on ours. What change on my car. Probably about Thanksgiving shortly after. And I never took them off. And when I left there there was still a long. And that was in. We were OK for a long time. Not much. No they had I could live their lives. Oh lord want give rent piles of it. Yeah And then, in fact, the curse of time at Christmas time Game was late. I go home for Christmas. Awesome So my brother and I got my car 41 floors. You get to train at Albany New York. I had to get down to Albany when we started out and they had moved. No And it was one lane on his own. I made. This is a major highway not just one way one lane. And it was like a drug raid at least on the side. And if you met anybody you had this screw them by actually pushing into the snow a little bit. Oh, yeah. That's crazy. Oh, it is awful. So we got down to Albany and we were late on the train. Look, we're going to reach a train, and we're late. So we just parked on the street. OK across on the railroad us as a car. So there when he got back. Yeah Yeah. Oh oh. Then we went home and took the train to st. Louis. I guess we have all week. Yeah, I never really got back and couldn't find a car. Oh no. It was all. All the cars were covered with snow now. I borrowed a shovel from more of the. There were stored there. Yeah borrowed a shovel and shovel and the whole thing started. Yeah And they said that I had trouble finding it first. Yeah, for sure. Well, anyway, I got moved back to Vermont. And when it was time to go to war. They sent me to California. I flew in to Oakland. I flew from st. Louis to Oakland right. And it was green flowers really right. Oh, yeah. Yeah, no snow. Oh, yeah. Good lay around and lay out in the sun. Yeah, you should be here. That's funny. Then I was sent to a place called Camp homeland which is the picture of California. And it was where all the shivering everybody out there to live. Nothing to do. And what you had to do in order to eat their children and keep was they could get in line to eat and eat and then you'd go well and go back and get in line again for the next meal. Oh, I fly standing around and waiting. Oh god. Oh anyway. Then they put us on a barge and took it down to a Treasure Island and turned to San Francisco. And they put us on a little kid called liberty ship liberty schedule left over from World War Ii. They were built in she it. And they were like mass produced. And they made lots. Well, they were first and it rolled about 14. We're about 1,400 people right. Wow and. And so it was kind of neat with all this and they'll be great. We'll get out there. We'll go why how why and lay in the sun. No, no, no, no. So we go out under the Golden Gate. And they were having a storm. So everybody was. Yeah Oh lower. Yeah And there was guys laying on the toilet for. We were on there for about two weeks. Well, there was a guy there on that thought of almost the whole time while I was right there. Joe chick. That's crazy. Oh or whatever happened to people. Then they had violence you know. But you know once in a while. I five Yeah you know. And if you go on the bottom. Not bad news. Yeah everyone. Oh, yeah. Yeah in the way on the top. It was all that smell. Yeah, it was hard. And then I was in the middle. So Yeah. Yeah So you get to go to Japan. And they put us on a train Japanese train and they were interesting. Oh, it was fun. What was what was interesting about them. Oh, well, they're real narrow OK. And they don't have toilets. You have hope. Oh, I just go, Yeah. So then we went by Hiroshima and Nagasaki and all that. Yeah you see all that. Yeah, well, that wasn't that long after. And then they sent us down to the very tip of the island of Ireland for an Australian race there. OK And then they flew us there. Oh, how we got there. Let's it out. That was your trip you got. You guys went by boat and took two two weeks to get there. It's insane. It was ever like threats of like submarines and getting bombed or was that pretty much all. No, not for Korea. Oh no Gloria portfolio. No, it's an adventure. It's a long trip. Oh, yeah. Took a month to get there. How long did it take to get there through the week. Two weeks. Oh, yes. That's a long time to be a noise around. I'm going back. You should know glad it was on a regular recruit flip for that. OK these days we're trying we're not ready for troops. It's meant for all does. Yeah All cargo implies done. Yeah, they weren't very big really coming back was a true films. I was a Navy ship. OK And then you still have to want. Well, it wasn't for many, it was air conditioned. OK shorter than the other planes. Yes, I never saw anybody get sick on that one. OK, that's good. Yeah Oh, they're proud. Were you know somebody for sure checked your way in there. Yeah, I know for sure. Not like that other one. Well, when the Navy chap that the Navy is different. They knew different. Yeah, they think differently. But how did they stand up the heat. And if you're saying you don't know is no place to sit down. Great OK. Like was just landed, they have like tables that are suspended from the top. OK from the ceiling. So they're choosing your words out of everything you know. And that's why I use your skills to stand this table knows where you eat. Yes interesting. And Saturday morning out means being reckless. Sorry sorry I keep being. Yeah, that's all I can remember. Yeah, they actually had a menu. OK you know. You know what. They know what's going on here. That's cool. Terribly friendly. Yeah, a priority concerned about what you guys wanted to use on your fat you know I guess after the rain Man thing. Anybody would want to know was what was your favorite memory about being in the military, like what was that one sort of a thing that's like sort of stuck out to you. Perhaps that was just really that you really enjoyed while you were in the military. If there was one. What are we all fuss about it. And then find it know you don't want to be in the military or you don't like it. Oh Yeah but you have to go to a new wave. Yeah, no, no, no, no. We're ready. They're all younger. You don't hold back. Yeah And there you are. And you know, we've got to figure out where to go, what to do. Yeah mostly they're very helpful. Sure Yeah. Yeah mostly. Yeah, you got to find your way. And in those days, they didn't have computers. OK So what is the way to keep track of what is with a oh. Call anyway. Oh my period for you were there. They were in time all the time on a saying. Say a punch card. I don't know what that. It's like there's Randall plastic. And, oh. Yeah. Internally it goes on and goes on in real life. Not the foot. Gone there and play with those too on the internet like this. OK almost. And then they have this plastic thing with it was all in operation the hangover. OK Yeah. There's rooms with rooms of these saying, hang in there. I should say. Oh, it's pretty friendly. Yeah, but then it comes out anyway. And then you then improve on your own. And I love that I'm going to go to all my letters. I've been all over here. OK And my mother kept all, including the orders and not your orders. The orders are like that. Oh, and your name and just one of them on that order. So that's why you go on and you know when your order number and all. OK And he looked down on if we're named on there, that's when you go. So like a champ Stoneman you don't know where you're going or where you're going. Sure Yeah. So every morning and I guess every day or maybe more than the ones you go. I put it up on a bulletin board and you look through it. And many companies look through those sort of their names on there, Yeah, he just felt the way. You just have to wait and see. Yeah hurry up and wait. Oh, yeah sometimes you bloody. We have a buddy or two, they'll look to. Yeah or you go on record your name. Yeah, for sure. In big trouble. Yeah, they finally come and get you. Yeah hard to imagine. I got to forget you. So then you go to a news later and meet new people in the world every friend. Yeah was all right. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know much about it. That's good. Somebody will do. Yeah, we will fight every minute. Oh, I'd hardly wait to go out. Yeah, my dad was in the military for 22 years. I think he liked some aspect of it. Yeah Some people do. Some people don't. Marching around. Well, you got the career he didn't have. Yeah Yeah Yeah. No, I don't recall ever having inspection or anything like that. Oh so different out there. Yeah Yeah. Here you're prepared. Vermont We did. We have a lot of. Yeah, they found a shelter a place called port Ethan Allen was built in about 1750 or something like that. It wasn't that bad following World War 1 and it was pretty old fashioned varick. No trains. Trains had one room and all that they just sit out there. And I had several of those duties to clean little green grass. And of course, you do. Here you go. Kerry you wonder what they did was they were markers around and we gave practice margin gumbel time and all that. And then they would take us into a moratorium and show you the orders of the day, I think it was cold and all. It was hard. And there was a cold outside the gold in the snow. Yeah and take them in. And then you saw somebody go to sleep. You're on TV. Yeah, sure to be torture. Yeah archer be sure to be awake then. I've read that somebody gave me was. Yeah What do bad joke day, hours if you really are awful. Yeah well, what were the hours really, really early. And really later. Yeah Are long too long. Feel the. You know mob for stuff like, Yeah play in a box and bam Yeah, like you sound like hard, and you'll catch cold. How does a mom Latham's hand a in there. And then you go outside. It's cold. Yeah, pretty soon the captain could catch cold. Yeah then some people get pneumonia. Oh, I know stuff like that. So where was this at in Vermont. You said this was by the Canadian border. So this was pretty far in Burlington, Vermont. It was in Burlington. Oh, so that university that you met that girl at that was the University of Vermont. That's cool. Oh, yeah. That would make waves. We have to drown on a lake crane. Oh, yeah. Lake Champlain. Yeah Yeah. Vaguely vaguely. Yeah nothing freezes over it in the winter. Yeah And they drive out there. And then they would put in a kind of hold the ice ice like a little outhouse. Yeah Are pretty elaborate Yeah, you could drive a clutch from Vermont to New York. His family might 20 miles. Yeah And they would drive across there in the wintertime. That's awesome. That's that. Anyway cool. Yeah Oh, yeah. You know, we had a system. We figured out how we can make girls go. OK And then today, the system way would go up to the dorm. No no uniform. Yeah Yeah. We're not working. We're not allowed to wear those. No Now they were wear everywhere. Yeah you know. I can't believe we're doing with it's like to leave the house. Love you. OK we're in one of the dorms at our house Monday. Yeah, we're here. Well, they're glad. No, no. I mean girls and all the and loving and. You look quite good. Sure wonder if we have any dancers or do to get real excited. That's it. Well after their first movie. Yeah Yeah, for sure. If it works. It works. So you go up to campus and you so you would go up to campus to do this, then. Oh, yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah, that's Yeah. Oh, yeah. It works. It works. We're good. Yeah Yeah. It's awesome. Oh, yeah. Hey other stories you want to share. You can think over about the military. So if you at least see 50 you retired and 55 where you were. Yeah, I guess you would retire at 55. Yeah Thank you. Thank you. Much. Yeah 54 54. Yeah, then I came back, I came back, I still had time to turn back early. Yeah And so I'm running state in Vermont. Well, there you have to go the whole time. Yeah Well, I've got pictures of the two of them on Sunday when I came back. They sent me to the father for flavor in Illinois. And of course, they didn't know what to do. And me I'd read about for a month about three or four months in and all of that wasn't it. Yeah And so it was kind of that was kind of tough. Yeah boring. And everything you do. Yeah, just kind of hanging around. OK you find something. Yeah, that's cool. They got a new place like that. You know now as I look back on. I think you might be a little apprehensive about the new place. Yeah meet new people. Sure don't know what to what's going to happen to you. Well, they want you to do it right. It didn't seem like it was ever an issue. 19-year-old you're stupid. Yes go and to what happens. Yeah, that's good. We'll cool trifecta covers it all. Oh, we did go on Na Na. That was an interesting little back story. Yeah ha ha. Laughter rest and rehabilitation and for people who were in combat, you get to do the rub every three months. And we're one on two with one on one. Those were pretty interesting. I got pictures of that one. They sent us to a place in Japan right. Right Mount Fuji. I've seen Fuji drag their ways. Now It's awesome. They had been a place where the Japanese officers. OK And it was a lab really classy and we got there and they had steaks. Oh lord, no. And I mean, he had edgy beds where they would turn down every night. Oh, and we'd been sleeping in tents you know. Right Yeah. Months Yeah. One star to five star. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah the haircuts massages all kinds of stuff. So it's like a resort you know. Yeah water. Well, it was for Japanese officers originally. Why Well, you know eight years later, they had boat. Show them how to sail right. Small Yeah. Oh, I'm going to go sailing. Oh, we got to go. Neither 1 over square root sailing. Yeah you go about I guess about 30 feet. No down time turned over. Was than that. Yeah, that's a damn sailboat. That's a good sign. Yeah, we got stop. That's funny. What else do you guys do. Oh, well we've played catfish. We watch movies. How long were you there for. Oh oh two, three days Oh, so you said it was a short little break. Yeah Yeah. So every three months you got a couple of days to not worry about it. Yeah if you're away from that generator. It was in the summertime. That's awesome. And, it was love. Gorgeous place. Yeah, we did some hiking. Cool no girl and only girl there. Yeah, I almost have an almost word for it. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. The airplane went on pretty bad though, cause we're on the other airplanes. We're letting a rattle. Yeah, I think it was honorable. Koreans are smart. Yeah, I brought a little brother. Let's play a rival. And then there's the Fox guy. And the other dragon revolves. Yeah, I've been a couple. Well, that was oh no it was great fun. Well know we're going to go down to Tokyo now. Well true. But we didn't get there. I'm really good place. La Yeah Yeah Yeah, let's go. I got shot at once on go a lot of real home. You know here to blow all this shit. Yeah Yeah. Here wanted to hit. Yeah Yeah. What where were you when they had our duty guard duty. I was in that first couple of months. When you were trying to watch the petroleum barrel. So was it a sniper. Oh, yeah. So it's night, night after night where you were. Yeah, I'd love to run. Yeah another field. Yeah I'll find the rice fields and stuff. Yeah kind of little hills. They know you're out there on a shoot someone get shot or lunch for everyone. So Know it's crazy. I don't know who are doing it. Yeah Did you get scared when that happened where you kind of like, oh, wow, this is big. Sort of like a little bit more surreal or where you still kind of like, oh, he missed me. So it doesn't matter. You know. I just don't have the votes you know. Yeah, right. Yeah Yeah. I knew that they were shooting at me. Yeah Did you freeze or did you notice sort of. Take cover. And I think so. Yeah hunker down anyway. Yeah figure out where it's coming from. Yeah when that happened was there sort of like a protocol of what they would do like what. No it was just kind of you let people know and everyone got down until it stopped. Oh have one time when I was just I don't. Some people got it. Yeah Yeah Yeah. They always had people. Those in the daytime of. Yeah OK. The Australians were interesting characters. They had their own way. We were right next to it. And they had a voice there. It was a tip. Yeah or they had where they would bring in Chinese, Japanese where loot crates OK. And that would have this. Oh, they can't sell Excelsior stuff. I all you know. Yeah What bottles of beer in there. Yeah, they had weird because we didn't have eyes. Yeah, so we have no ice. But anyway, in the winter. OK And they would drink lot of stuff a lot of it Oh, yeah. Yeah got to jamboree. We're well these guys have figured out how to get girls in there. Yeah I would sneak around there and there were no rarities in there. Yeah And if you go through films. Yeah And never a good thing in Hollywood did it. Yeah, no, I just got here. Yeah, I just, They were there. Yeah Yeah. So you know those questions you don't want to have. Sure Yeah. Yeah All of them. He had great containers of tea and a variety of stuff. And I find lots of work for the good. Yeah well you wouldn't. Probably that's real strong. Do you take sugar can melt tea sugar. And then you can melt. It's pretty good. This is really better than coffee. That's good. Yeah nice. I drinking that. Well, then drink this stuff along the retro. Not as much as we're here. You'll like it. You like it. I one very old man was an A picture somewhere. Yeah but he and I would go to Seoul pretty often. And we had to carry your weapon in your lap. Yeah like here. And anyway, we go over there pretty often. But when he left. He was there sending the child's advocate. And I'm not sure why I like to have one of those. Yeah, they call him slouches OK. Well, sure would like to have one of those. Yeah, I said I'd. Arguably one would bother. They say they really want to make sure that we get our uniforms. Yeah, well, thanks anyway. One day in the mail came. Oh, yeah. He got one. Do you still have it or now you don't know. It's never happened. Good Yeah. It happened. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, for a while there are others flowers. Yeah, that's. That's good. Yeah Yeah. They really aren't. Yeah, they were roofs loose. Yeah Oh, yeah. We're having a good time. That's good. That's I thought he was We'll stop there for now. OK
