We'll start recording here. All right. So now I have to remember where we left off last week we were talking worry. We had gotten to we had gotten to the point where we starting to talk about your children. You talked a little bit about where you grew up. And then the point in your life where you were starting to have children. I mean, you mentioned that you had three of them at the time. And then another one came a little bit later. So know if you want if that's where you want to pick out a good place to start the thing. OK Let me move. When we first moved together within or in the Paul. And then my oldest my first boy was born in September. And then we had to make it through that winter it was really, really cold winter. He did all right. Mm-hmm And my dad and my granddad were so excited because we had a boy. And so what we did all right. And then the second year, we I think it was called the end of the second year, we where we build a house and moved it out of the trailer. I had no idea what happened the trailer, but anyway, we moved into this house. And that was kind of neat. It was a one bedroom two bedroom house there and a full basement which was made into an apartment, which we rented finally, what it was. It was pretty neat. The only problem was with it was that the basement and the sewer system when built in Gunnison was probably around the turn of the century. And that was what they called open sewer. And so if the water table get above the sewer the sewer it water were OK. And so that's what happened in the spring because the snow would melt down and all of that. And then at that point, you got to get to a real problem in the basement trying to get it to flush all that wet. And it was a problem a lot. And there was nothing they could do about it except replace the whole sewer system. Right which they probably haven't done yet. Yeah, I would think. Well, anyway, we. It turned out really well. And I bought a building that had been menus for trucks where it was gas trucks actually like you. They call it lp gas. There you go. Lv gas trucks and you did this thing. And so they wanted to sell a building. And I bought that thing. And then moved it down there on the back of our place. So it was it was a big, big building. Eventually, I went into a shop and then into a business. And we have all our repair business back there. But anyway, there was a kind of an adventure with that because I went up to I didn't measure that building. They told me what to do engines were. So then I made a foundation and poured concrete. I did that myself. And I would do it in sections and I would call the ready mix and they would come in and I'd scream and do it. And then I'd make another section. And so then then I will do. They move the building and while the building was bigger than the foundation. Yeah So it was hanging over about 18 inches or so, which was a real raw. Yeah but eventually, I was able to pour more concrete in there and take care of that. But it turned out OK. And the building was a good one. And we made a shovel out and had big door because I do it for trucks. And so it worked out good. Well, anyway. Well, my older son then and then two years later why then Robert Kane was a daughter. And then two years after that, I flipped. So there was. We all lived in the same house. Well, then find. Blaine got old enough where I've gone to school you start school. I guess with kindergarten. I suppose. And mother. It was about probably about six blocks away at least welfare. But hey, we would walk to school even in the wintertime. It was kind of neat. I mean, that's the way they did things differently. And so he started school there. And in the meantime, I got into I was in the chamber of commerce business, and then I got into it. We had furniture and appliances and we were storage and all that stuff. And sold a janitor supplies, which was really a really good business because we had all these dude ranches and motels or the stuff that we're coming in. And so it was a great place to sell. So damaging to us. So we got involved all the witnesses would go on very well got cash support cash not support cash, short. And so I sold a business. My apartment business. And then I went back to college to get a master's degree because I heard that if we were a teacher you'd you know, we had the whole summer off. Yeah So it's kind of like a pretty good deal you know we get I good 12 summer fishing and Yeah. Well, it never turned out that right. But that was a thought at the time and eventually I and I worked with it for service for while. But then I graduated and I needed a job. So I did got a job in Carlsbad, New Mexico. So anywhere that we. Then we moved to Carlsbad well. And so were there one year, and then I went to Roswell, New Mexico for several years. What's a New Mexico military blanket a long story short. My all those three grew up nicely. And so the question is, what happened to the war. Then go and all that. They grow up. And of course, in the meantime, we have moved. We eventually went to Manhattan, Kansas. And my wife and my oldest while I was in high school. And he took up cross country running and did quite well. Never got into that. And he had a he got a got real well did real well in the mile wide run. Well, he set a record. Oh, and Kansas and hold that today. Oh, really. Do you know do you know at the time is or. No, I don't have to work it out. But the reason he has it today is we don't run the mile anymore. Really Yeah. So anyway, he still has that record to this day. Oh forever. Wow What did they substitute it with or did they just get rid of that and do a different discipline in Kansas. No no it's collaborators. Oh, is it. Yeah Oh, I don't run the mile kilometer. OK Yeah. So then he went down. You got. He went to a regional sign and Arkansas and it did pretty well there. You know you get, no matter how good you get there somebody better. Yeah And there were better ones. no way. Well, you did get a scholarship at Kansas State, of course. Who you. I know grant well. He did all right. But he didn't do real well or whether he had a scholarship Cooper Yeah. And so anyway, we're therefore, I guess seven or eight years. And first problem was in the forward club. She got into that math. What she raise animals and rabbit. Well, she tried dog. OK And well we were in town and somebody said, oh, you ought to try golf. We have some really nice little ones. So anyway, she got three dogs and was awful with her. There's a long story. We had that we have built a there was a tool shed back there in the back. We had a big old house that had when built around 18 my. I guess around it was maybe a little later. But it had a carriage house a two story carriage house in the back one or the right. You take it head to door and have one on the front, one of the back, you run your carriage in there. And then there was a place where you could take the horse out. And then on the side you know where they did it. Well, anyway, we also have a pool of children and my folks have been really nice to the thought because my dad and when they had to two this at one time and they thought my youngest ionic know about chickens and how that had ties and all that. So he gave in and thank you later. The thing about Joe big. Remember Iran much you want to put your eggs in there. And then it would hold the temperature and sheared off one of them hatched and it was a rooster of course. Yeah So anyway, when that was in when we were in Arizona. We a in the meantime our shipment of we had. I took a job in New Mexico and then then I went back to graduate school in Arizona and we were there for a couple years. And while we were there was this got the chicken. So I made a barn for it looks like a moi company. It was a chicken house and had a for the chicken the rooster and all life. So then when I moved to Manhattan to Kansas we had to take the chicken show in regard to the lamb. And then if you're in town. And this guy would you know at 5 o'clock in the morning. It was loud Oh yeah. So they had this tool shed and all I did was I insulated it. So it was dark. And then we build a place around a fence around there, so that the chicken would get out. You know well the chicken would that he would get out in the yard you chased the kids and they would run. You know they run out here all night. So I said, hey, look in. Are you out to do. Let's keep the chicken from God when he chases them. We get to wind up like this. Yeah And they would run. And so I could look and he would just take and hold his wings in here you know he won't. He can't do anything right. Yeah So I did. I got him, dude. I had him. Like he was big. And I had it on like this. And he went up a bit. Will air today. Yes still a big star there today. Yes Well, anyway. Then Robin got dogs. OK And on the meantime now this is a fairly decent story. Again, the neighbors and the neighbors next to us and they had us there. They were on a corner and they had a swimming pool there in the back. Somebody will fall madly. OK, well, it was a big will the big swimming pool. And what it was ground low anyway. You haven't had a flood in Manhattan and night around 1955, that a big flood. I mean, it flooded the downtown the whole downtown the whole very good side of town. And it was that at least that the deep one in town. And of course, the house we had our basement and it flooded that basement. Yeah And there was mud mud still on the ceiling in the basement of all that which we cleaned off. Her room was stuck down there. Anyway it had raised the level of the yard. So that sidewalk was at one level and the ground was like that. So we should allow we all take care of that. So my older son and I decided we would dig dig it was it was a shovel and a wheelbarrow and we were vacant. And there was a low voice in the back. Quite a perfect place. Just take the level of the other yard and put it in a low voice, which we did. And this went on for months. And we finally got the yard where it was down. Well, pretty good side yard. And we got it got it down to where it was level with the sidewalk and then replanted it turned out good. But anyway, we have to build up this locally well before that it happened while we were doing all of that. It was came Christmas time. And we went down to Arizona to visit my folks they were live with down there. And so we had gone and had to do some. Was there chicken meat. Well, the chicken was a problem because he you know he would crow. Right you know. So anyway somehow where they said they were they said take care of that chicken. So when we got back on the way back and we got in a big snowstorm. And down in Western Kansas and we should never got in the lab. Yeah, right. We went ahead and got into it. And I finally had the snow got deeper and deeper and I put chains on the car and had to wait and wait. And the snow got. They were like, I say. And it just kept going. The James. Well, it finally came to a little town called sublette and they had the snow rolling across. They had an elevator on the side and wearing an elevator. And it had grown and the snow was a little high. That ceiling. Oh jeez. There was no way. And it was the hand of that. Yeah So there we were. And they had a big pile of snow and there was a motel. I go across this. I climb across a snow bank. And I was course, in the meantime a load of other trucks or stuff on the highway that had been abandoned and whatnot. Yeah And so we wanted this into this motel. And it was full of people. There was a lot of people in there. You know they had you know they brought them in. All right. So anyway ranking a long, long story short, they were trying to replace these old people in homes town. Well, there was another. There was another couple there were a couple there was that it was three. Five of us and another car that was seven. Three children. And so they said, well, we have a place over here. That was a square they had dug down and actually it was a blow round house. So they anyway, they loaded it said the Sheriff will come and get you. And so the sheriffs came. He had a Sheriff's car. And then we got all got our stuff into this thing. Including this couple. I have no idea how. Yeah clown car. Yeah, there was a Sheriff and a deputy. Hello there were nine people in that car. Yeah Anyway, we go to this underground house. And this lady didn't have room for nine people. So we said, well, I know another place. The Sheriff said. And so we all climbed back into the car and the heat to get to the place she had to go through the yard. He had trained on his car and the guy driving through funeral yards and. So was Toby. Yeah, we finally got the inflation. And this lady. Her name was rosy red. OK Again, a big home big legal home there and a huge freezer full of ice cream. Once they were there obviously day. Oh, well anyway, one after we plant the snow finally melted. You can get it cleared up and a car started. I have no idea how. I had a snow filled the entire loan in there and filled entire Andrew. The apartment was a life. And I had to dig it out. He said until you started. Yeah well anyway, we've finally got home and behold our chicken or dead. Oh, yeah. Right here right. Happy I want to read it. Oh, sorry you're thinking we're dead. Yeah well anyway, our relationship with them kind of went down because what happened down was just a big rain and where we had filled in. It was no higher than their swimming pool. OK had a flames and the rain came and of all, let's go right to the ruin there. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Absolutely then they sued. OK Yeah. They dropped the lawsuit. And I had homeowner's insurance. Yeah renter's insurance as it were. And, after I heard about one right. Yeah, well, you know around up these dogs before age and we had this weather trick in the wind. Oh, damn. Oh good point that it was OK. You know I never I never saw anything like it. All three of them like it back in the climate just like we did like a chain link fence or like what fancy a chain link fence. Yeah, it was a you know it was a chain link fence you know. And so again, you couldn't do that. So we finally got somebody in the country really to take the three dog. Yeah, that took care of her for eight. Yeah, it was over after killing three dogs. I mean, yeah. And of course, then the boys were into Little League. OK and all that stuff. Well, it was a pretty good life there. But they were growing up. I'm trying to think what else I can say about that. Robyn she was a teenager. She was the world probably about that time. She was a junior or maybe a senior year, I think. But she had a boyfriend who was like, well, not you know that my wife didn't think too much of that. OK you were nice enough. I guess. And anyway, so that went on for a while. And then I got a job at Texas and now. So we moved down here. And through it all. Yeah in the meantime, of course, that. Kyle was born and in that process. And there was that. So when we were in Manhattan. There were four children. Yeah And he was well. Yeah, right two or three or four. Mm-hmm And so we only moved down here. Well, as the years went by when we move down here and, I came down and they stayed up there because Wayne was in college and Robin was a senior. I think at that point. Mm-hmm So when a storm recovery corporations could do educational evaluation it was called Hedrick educational development resource. OK And we were contracting a whole lot of workshops and stuff for the U of Department of Education. And then we were going up, down, and well Vera and Nebraska going on all this stuff together. We need some kind of a where we could file Gramps and you know an all out war. We formed this corporation a non-profit. Mm-hmm Yeah, we're going well. Well, we bought a trailer out over a trailer. It was pretty good. You know. So when I came down here. I just moved down here with it. I was watching. OK, well, they all stayed up there for a while. And Robert and grand jury think you know you graduated a case date can be and lane. He got a job. He had graduated from college by then and he got a job with not Kmart. Woolworth one rose of the Nebraska. And so he was he was gone. Well, anyway, they eventually run out of my life from I got a divorce. And so I was here and they were still up there. Fred go squeaky things. Yeah you get hurt. Stop blowing. Well, I where they kind of we are where we go from there. Eventually then mind of the older one got married and joined the army. So he will join the armory and gotten married while he was in the army. And they found him for turkey. OK So he was just there a northern part of turkey where they were spying on the Russians. What they were doing OK. They had radar and you know I don't know exactly what they did. No, he was there for a year or two. OK And then Robert the graduate of the s.s. mostly didn't get married yet. She got a job teaching and Hayes OK. And we'll go out there and rent her husband. OK In the meantime, we got into that well going to do that hotel thing. That was before it came around here. Reform line went to the servers. Right OK. So pardon my role you get tickets. Yeah And that got a whole lot of difference anyway. We had this hotel up the hot rod poll come out that early or yesterday they slipped a couple of Summers up there. He was he was running the bar. Mm-hmm And she was waiting tables. But then she she got a job at the YMCA doing something like that for a while. It turned out it turned out. We have a good time, though Summers. Yeah and was in the second summer she married got the gun and got married. Yeah Well, the meantime flooded come down here with me and, he had some trouble before it came down here. He had gotten the wrong crowd out of Kansas and they got in trouble with the law. And they sent him to a boy's hole for a while. If you don't mind me asking, what caused him to get sent there. What did he do that will total that had to do with keys. OK I don't think they Stole it. I had two keys. They broke into it. I see you've done wrong crowd. Very rare girl and they hit it off. And so Regis does very you like. He was like a junior high school. And he went down to Oklahoma where she lives. We went down got him right back up and stuff. Then when I came down here. I brought him and he stayed in a trailer. How do you got a job. Construction me down and right. And what a car. It wasn't a Thunderbird. OK And then one day he disappeared. He and the Thunder were OK. We're just going to show up to work. Interesting oh Yeah. He had graduated from high school. Yeah, he eventually got a gd and so anyway, he does and went back to campus and got a job with like Wendy's kind of like that. And then it wasn't long before he became the manager. Really Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, it must be pretty good. Yeah, he managed to Wendy's in a couple of Mexican writer of he got married to some girl that was off went to the wedding lovely big wedding big time. Yeah, his folks. Her folks had money with their egg. She just wanted to get out of the house. She didn't want to get married. Interesting oh lord. Yeah So man. So that didn't last long. Right whatever happened to her. Yeah Anyway would rather a. And a red toy. He Well, he got involved with my oldest son in the meantime and had a job with oil company and had to work for them for quite a long time. And so wondered what he would look for her job for the job. Still there never. 15 years. Oh jeez that's cool. You know they like my older son and the second son all work together. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, same company. They drive the same pickup mostly. Oh, that's cool. And my older son is a super writer. So they give him a big diesel pickup. Oh cool. Oh, Yeah. Yeah Doing well. Yeah am. That's cool. Well, what does a younger son do. Does he just does he do they work like just for the same company or do they work on the same crew. Like do they work with each other. Oh, sweet Yeah Yeah every day. Yeah Yeah. I hit the planet of April. We're a worker OK. Oh, Yeah. That's cool. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. He can't stand not to reworking a tree right. And so when all the Boston trees. Wonderful Yeah. You know I would love to have one for he goes around like the rest right. Yeah, he's out there doing some Flixster something. That's great. Oh, Yeah. I think the world all of it. That's good. So in the meantime, he this girl that he had gone back in high school. Mm-hmm She was down in Oklahoma and he's somehow gotten in touch with her and figure out how to be war. You know if he didn't know him. Right Troy went down. They got married. Oh cool. Yeah, it just worked out right. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, that's right. That's where they are awesome Robin. She she talked to all year. She retired now. Oh, Yeah. What's she teach for special Ed school. Yeah Yeah. Like all grades are like high school, middle school. I mean, I think she did all that. Oh great. Yeah Yeah. Well, in the end though they lived in Kansas high school right across the street. Oh cool. So that was a big deal. Yeah So she did her probably over the last 10 years or so she thought there. Right gross was great. Oh, nice. Yeah Yeah. What a deal. Yeah, go home for lunch. Oh, Yeah. Oh, Yeah. Yeah So. Oh so she did or she's a retard. Yeah And my other son Kyle is just CPA. And, what happened to him was that whole world down here. And then Claire and I got married. They I was a name. And so he, he got a. He was 15. Yeah, they're goofy when they're fleeting. So he, he says that he wanted to come down live with us. You know one day one become will live with us. So Claire and her hair teenager. Yeah she hadn't really planned right. Yeah, a lot. Yeah So when he came down here. And then we reshot real the Rancho. We're live in town and College Station. And we tried to do the ranch. Go away. He helped on that call. And then right. And we moved out there who he was a good rancher. Yeah Well, then he went to school in her car and went to high school. Yeah which is a black school. Well, he did really well earlier. And then he graduated one day in Nam and. No no I'd take that back. He graduated and turn and about one day the dude had left in the army. Yeah Anyway, we sent him out to the army we wanted to make sure he was healthy and everything. We gave him a whole bunch of vitamins. Oh, Yeah. First thing they did was store the holes. All right. Yeah Yeah. I'll figure I'm going to do that, take everything away from. Cut their hair and all. Yeah, he was in the army. And they sent him to Fort Lewis, Washington. My dad was stationed there. Yeah, he was there for a while a year or so. Volokh blogger. Oh, that thing called it a large group our extravagant or something. No OK. Kind of a large car. Yeah Yeah. He had us are the small guy. One of the other guys sold him. Anyway, he, he was there for a while. And then they sent in Beijing with the United Nations. Oh so he was over there for quite a while. And this too is OK on the call. Is there ever a lesion or riding with the Griffin room or whatever. You know right. United Nations within the middle of that. OK So here's spent a long time over there and they are seem to do. All right under me. Here what is where he did exactly sure here guarded I guess a number of things. But anyway, then one day it came back who went a name and got a degree there in accounting. And then one day. And now today, we're going to go to you UT you know take a step down love. Any he went already. Well, the first thing. He went up to Denver. My mother was up there and he decided he would she would get a job in Denver. But he was you know he was a graduate in accounting he didn't want a job or whatever they offered. Yeah And so he came back and then then went to went over to UT OK and got his degree a master's and CPA. Oh cool. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, but in the meantime Yeah, no problem. While this was all going on. He decided he would travel around the world. Oh, sweet. Oh, Yeah. Yeah well Yeah, he did that for a while and then he met some free got ranking after he got his CVA. He went to work with some accounting outfit in Dallas and they while I was there in downtown Dallas downtown Dallas building our water to call is not a big hole in it. It missed the chase building. I guess. Yeah does you work for Deloitte. Did you work for Deloitte. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, I have some friends. I know. Yeah Oh, Yeah. And so he was there for a while, right now. She was she was really sharp. Yeah the actual aerial OK. And oh they lived together for a while, and everything. And then she was transferred. Scary oh and so he said, OK, I'll go along. So they went down to Australia why he never got a job down there. OK So then they got to where they weren't getting along or something. And then some other guy enters the picture I think. Anyway then he started driving around to go right. I don't know where he went. He went to Israel. He went everywhere. And finally went to Thailand Thailand and met this girl and married her. OK That's where they are right now. Oh, he's in Thailand. Yeah love you back next week. Oh, Yeah. Well, I live in Montgomery now. Oh so they're just they just travel there. Well, all her folks live. Oh, Yeah, for sure. And he says it one you one day when they've got three boys and they're all in high school now except when they graduate and are moved to Thailand. Oh, Yeah. All right. Yeah when we get here. Yeah, it's fun. It's cheap. Yeah, very good to travel around and whatnot. you know, I just didn't that much to do. Sure, sure. I doubt they will. Yeah if they do. Maybe you have a cool place to visit. It takes 21 hours to get there. Yeah, I can imagine. Takes a long time. You don't like to travel that far. No on an airplane. Oh, Yeah. Oh, I know it's a long time. Anyway that cover. I think that flood had three or four children died. Oh no. I've got a girl whose daughter. She lives in Maine. She has two or three children. Oh right. In Maine. Do you know if I'm trying to Portland. Oh, Yeah. we got some Maine surf lakes ice Islip married young guy down from oh say. Oh, is that I guess you would go days. Yeah she was a good daughter. She would go on for page 4 OK. She was doing free download or something. And she met this guy. He was a PE major. Yeah, well, he was from Maine. What are you doing it 48. All right a little a different man. And so I don't know what he does now. Yeah, I know I know. Anyway, he had three or more children. So you're doing all right. No the oldest son was living in Lawrence, Kansas and he he's in a camp residents show fat food or some pet food. I guess you. All right. Yeah Oh, interesting. Yeah And then the other one is alive want to trade school and use eat a lot of body guy. Yeah, I guess go. All right. Yeah, let's go blind. Blaine had two daughters. One of them. She's a librarian in Wisconsin Madison. And she's pregnant finally, after all. Only here's all the info. OK Yeah. I'm the youngest one is in Japan. She's even in Japan for about a year. Oh, yeah three weeks. Japanese, you have been very well. Oh oh wow. Oh, yeah. It's a hard language. I'm here to learn. That's good. Yeah And then Robin's her oldest son. Her son John a daughter a son who's worked for an oil company and they have two or three children and they live in Dallas. And they're big in right now. They're all in rental property. We're supposed to be a good deal. Yeah, it's like the haze is where the college is a pretty good sized college. Yeah, there are about 17. And so Ellis is like 10 miles. Oh, it's not that far away. Oh, yeah. And it's perfect. Yeah, no. And for rentals. Yeah, you know, we want to get out of there. Oh, for sure. We want a school system better. OK Yeah. So now they someone have a house for sale. Somebody died. Tell us all about oral I think. Yeah, that's smart. Yeah, I suppose it's a good investment. Smart investments like the Dan Latvian. Yeah Yeah. Yeah, I tried that once did you. Yeah Yeah. Good, bad, indifferent. Yeah, well, you know, you got Rogers and you got it. Yeah you know how that goes. I'm glad they pay. Yeah, you got to go on Clark Bryant. All right. Suppose the RV parks are the way to go. All you have to do is rent out the space they have they have to provide everything else. And guess it's a lot easier. Yeah Yeah. Well, in this case, you have to do maintenance stuff. Yeah, that's what I call run a light bulb right. Yeah, that was great. Yeah Oh, yeah. Oh right. They get some of that. I think they're doing really well. Then her husband got a good deal. All you've done got he works for an oil company. He's been with them for years. I don't know. Why do you work for them. Yeah then he has Karl rove everywhere. OK this is grand Edwards was a president of the bank during the Great Depression. And he was lowly property. Yeah Yeah. Shenanigans Yeah. And so they have acreage everywhere every year how's houses everywhere. All right. Yeah, I think he's doing OK. That's why I don't think this. I don't think they have the oil wells themselves. He's in the oil. Yeah well, they're all doing well. Yeah So it sounds like it covers all. Oh, yeah. Yeah They're all doing well. Nobody's in jail. Yeah right filing for bankruptcy. Yeah And you hear the story. Well, people who. All right. Yeah, absolutely. I guess I'm about covered everything for today. Yeah 